README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: zend (Horizen)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aschult5/ansible-role-zend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aschult5/ansible-role-zend)

Installs and runs Horizen's zend in a container on Ubuntu servers.

## Requirements

- `zend_user_name` user exists.
- Zend P2P port open (see `zend_port_p2p` below)

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml)):

    zend_ver: latest

The version of zend to install. Refer to [zen-node tags on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/zencash/zen-node/tags) for valid version strings.

    zend_user_name: zenops

Name of the existing user that will own `zend_dir` and will run `zend`.

    zend_port_p2p: "9033"
    zend_port_rpc: "8231"

The ports that zend listens on for P2P and RPC.
The P2P port *is* published to the internet.
The RPC port *is not* published to the internet.

    zend_dir: /mnt/horizen

Absolute path to the directory that will be mounted onto the container.
This directory corresponds to `~/.zen` from typical operation.

    zend_svc_name: zend
    zend_svc_enabled: yes

Configuration of the systemd service for zend.

    zend_docker_host: unix:///var/run/docker.sock
    zend_docker_ctr_name: zend
    zend_docker_ctr_stop_timeout: 600
    zend_docker_net_name: ZenNet
    zend_docker_net_subnet: 172.42.0.0/24
    zend_docker_net_gateway: 172.42.0.254
    zend_docker_ipv4: 172.42.0.1

Variables to configure Docker.

    zend_tls_cert_path: ''
    zend_tls_key_path: ''

Absolute paths to the server certificate (cert.pem) and private key (privkey.pem) files.
This role does not generate or renew the server certificate.

## Dependencies

  - geerlingguy.docker

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: zend
  roles:
    - role: aschult5.zend
      become: yes
```

## See Also
[aschult5.zen_nodetracker](https://github.com/aschult5/ansible-role-zen-nodetracker)
[aschult5.horizen](https://github.com/aschult5/ansible-collection-horizen)

## License

MIT

## Author Information

This role was created in 2019 by Andrew Schultz for use with [Nodeler](https://www.nodeler.com)

Commit message:

Allow zend_zcash_srcvol to be configured

README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: zend (Horizen)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aschult5/ansible-role-zend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aschult5/ansible-role-zend)

Installs and runs Horizen's zend in a container on Ubuntu servers.

## Requirements

- `zend_user_name` user exists.
- Zend P2P port open (see `zend_port_p2p` below)

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml)):

    zend_ver: latest

The version of zend to install. Refer to [zen-node tags on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/zencash/zen-node/tags) for valid version strings.

    zend_user_name: zenops

Name of the existing user that will own `zend_dir` and will run `zend`.

    zend_port_p2p: "9033"
    zend_port_rpc: "8231"

The ports that zend listens on for P2P and RPC.
The P2P port *is* published to the internet.
The RPC port *is not* published to the internet.

    zend_dir: /mnt/horizen

Absolute path to the directory that will be mounted onto the container.
This directory corresponds to `~/.zen` from typical operation.

    zend_svc_name: zend
    zend_svc_enabled: yes

Configuration of the systemd service for zend.

    zend_docker_host: unix:///var/run/docker.sock
    zend_docker_ctr_name: zend
    zend_docker_ctr_stop_timeout: 600
    zend_docker_net_name: ZenNet
    zend_docker_net_subnet: 172.42.0.0/24
    zend_docker_net_gateway: 172.42.0.254
    zend_docker_ipv4: 172.42.0.1

Variables to configure Docker.

    zend_zcash_srcvol: zcash-params

Source docker volume to store zcash-params from `zen-fetch-params`.

    zend_ipv4: ''
    zend_ipv6: ''

External IP addresses to be used by zend.

    zend_tls_cert_path: ''
    zend_tls_key_path: ''

Absolute paths to the server certificate (cert.pem) and private key (privkey.pem) files.
This role does not generate or renew the server certificate.

## Dependencies

  - geerlingguy.docker

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: zend
  roles:
    - role: aschult5.zend
      become: yes
```

## See Also
[aschult5.zen_nodetracker](https://github.com/aschult5/ansible-role-zen-nodetracker)
[aschult5.horizen](https://github.com/aschult5/ansible-collection-horizen)

## License

MIT

## Author Information

This role was created in 2019 by Andrew Schultz for use with [Nodeler](https://www.nodeler.com)
